# Optimal Quest Guide
The Oldschool Wiki contains a great [Optimal Quest Guide](https://oldschool.runescape.wiki/w/Optimal_quest_guide) to help you keep track of quests and complete them in order. The issue is that I play Runescape on multiple computers and don't want to spend the time to check off all the quests I  have completed. Along with this is the random quests that I do which mess up the quest order. 

## Usage

- Plugin auto updates on quest completion.
- Right clicking a quest and select "Open Wiki Guide" to open the wiki page for the quest.
- Quests display the skill, quest point and combat level requirements for them.
    
## Bugs, Issues, New Features & Contributing

Bugs are likely to present here now and then, it happens. Please check the 
[issues](https://github.com/cesoun/optimal-quest-guide/issues) page before opening a new issue in case someone has 
already reported it. Feel free to add additional details to the issue if you believe they would be useful.

I am also present in the RuneLite discord. Feel free to mention or message me directly there.

### Updating the `quests.json`

This file is automatically generated through [this application](https://github.com/cesoun/osrs-wiki-parse). If the wiki 
formatting updates, this app will also need to be updated.

Running this locally will generate a `quests.json` file which can be used to overwrite the current file.

### Quest Ordering & Requirements

If any of the quests are missing or have wrong skill requirements they ***need to be updated on 
[this wiki page](https://oldschool.runescape.wiki/w/Quests/Skill_requirements).*** While you could directly add them
here it makes it easier in the future to read them straight from the wiki.

Ordering is also determined by [this wiki page](https://oldschool.runescape.wiki/w/Optimal_quest_guide) which you are
likely already familiar with.

### New Features

I would suggest now that if you are looking for new features that you might be better off forking the plugin and 
creating them on your own. 

I currently don't play the game nor have a ton of free time to work on this plugin. Feel free to add or update features
and toss a PR in here if you would like me to add it to the plugin.

I do ask that you do some local testing of changes and include a screenshot prior to opening a PR to ensure that 
everything is working as intended and to reduce the amount of time I, or others, need to spend reviewing your changes.

## Contact

I am on the Official RuneLite Discord as "cesoun" so ping me or message me if something plugin breaking is happening.
If I am available and have the time I can try and hop on it.

Discord: cesoun#8549
